Update containers description (#337)
CDCgov/phdi: containers/validation/description.md

## Getting Started with the PHDI Validation Service

### Introduction
The PHDI validation service offers a REST API for validating health care messages (e.g., whether health care messages are in the proper format and contain user-defined fields of interest).

### Running the Validation Service

The validation service can be run using Docker (or any other OCI container runtime e.g., Podman), or directly from the Python source code.

#### Running with Docker (Recommended)

To run the validation service with Docker follow these steps.
1. Confirm that you have Docker installed by running `docker -v`. If you do not see a response similar to what is shown below, follow [these instructions](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) to install Docker.
```
❯ docker -v
Docker version 20.10.21, build baeda1f
``` 
2. Download a copy of the Docker image from the PHDI repository by running `docker pull ghcr.io/cdcgov/phdi/validation:main`.
3. Run the service with ` docker run -p 8080:8080 validation:main`.

> Congratulations, the FHIR Converter should now be running on `localhost:8080`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations, the validation service should now be running on `localhost:8080`!
```

Author: Good catch!
